# Weekly Reflection

This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

i just need to be able to paused these and rewatch the lecture in real time. so i'm excited to be able to get video content.

## Prompts

- What went well this week? -
  after a couple of failed and errers i was finally able to get to appoint where i can idetify what a funcion does what an arguemtn is and what the paramters do.
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?

how hard javascript really is if you don't keep up with the pace of the program you can very fast fall behind and stuff you did't learn in the previous content will come back and on top of that you have the new content that goes hand in hand with what you learn in the previous.

- What are you struggling with?
  java script i can see it and understand it a little but i get lost when it comes to typing it i have to do a lot of referencing in order for me to accrutly build a function or for me to be able to start bulding remotely close to where i would like to be i have a plan of attack in order for me to push foward.

- What would you count as a victory?
  i would count a victory in the fact that i like the challenge even though it's hard i'm confident ill push through i might not understand it right then and there or even when in lecture but moving foward ill will keep asking more questions writing down more notes and making sure i understand what going on in the lecture or ill ask out in lab.
